Feat: state verifier (#766)
neutron-org/neutron: x/state-verifier/README.md

# Overview

> The State Verifier module allows to verify that some `storage values` were indeed present on a particular `block height` in the chain.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The State Verifier module allows to verify that some `storage values` were indeed present or absent on a particular `block height` in the chain.
```

Cosmos blockchain's storage is stored as a different tree for each block.
That means we can prove that a particular `KV` pair is really present (or not present) in the storage at a particular block height.

See [Neutron's ICQ relayer implementation](https://github.com/neutron-org/neutron-query-relayer/blob/4542045ab24d2735890e70d4dc525677d5f30c8a/internal/proof/proof_impl/get_storage_values.go#L11) if you want to know how to query KV-proofs

# Implementation

### BeginBlocker
In each block the module's `BeginBlocker` is being called, and it saves `ConsensusState` of the current block height in the storage to use it for verification of storage values later:

```go
consensusState := tendermint.ConsensusState{
    Timestamp:          ctx.BlockTime(), // current block time
    Root:               ibccommitmenttypes.NewMerkleRoot(headerInfo.AppHash), // .AppHash for the previous block
    NextValidatorsHash: cometInfo.GetValidatorsHash(), // hash of the validator set for the next block
}
```

For verification only `.Root` (`header.AppHash`) is used, but it's good to save all the values just in case and do not leave them empty.

### VerifyStateValues query

> The main query of the module that accepts slice of `[]StorageValue` structures and `blockHeight` on which those `StorageValues` are present.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The main query of the module that accepts slice of `[]StorageValue` structures and `blockHeight` against which those `StorageValues` are verified.
```

> The module verifies the values and returns an error if values cannot be verified `{valid: true}` structure if values are valid.

Reviewer: punctuation is incorrect, is it?

Reviewer 2: Done

### VerifyStateValues query
The main query of the module that accepts slice of `[]StorageValue` structures and `blockHeight` against which those `StorageValues` are verified.

> The module verifies the values and returns an error if values cannot be verified. The query returns `{valid: true}` structure if values are valid.

Reviewer: when does the module return `{valid: false}`? reading that, the reader might think that it's either true if values are valid or error if they're not

Reviewer 2: > reading that, the reader might think that it's either true if values are valid or error if they're not

Exactly, this is what i suggest to do
